.\" Copyright (c) 1993 Michael Haardt (u31b3hs@pool.informatik.rwth-aachen.de), Fri Apr  2 11:32:09 MET DST 1993
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139,
.\" USA.
.\"
.\" Modified Sat Jul 24 16:53:03 1993 by Rik Faith (faith@cs.unc.edu)
.\" Modified Sat Jun 13 17:40:03 1998 by Jeffrey W. Thompson (thompson@argus-systems.com)
.TH INTRO 1 "13 June 1998" "GuildOS" "GuildOS Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
intro \- Introduction to user commands
.SH DESCRIPTION
This chapter describes user commands.
.SH AUTHORS
Look at the header of the manual page for the author(s) and copyright
conditions.  Note that these can be different from page to page!
